README.md, before:

OBS Remote Control Volume Control
=================================

Plans: Connect to OBS (requires [obs-remote plugin](https://github.com/Palakis/obs-websocket)) and
allow customization of individual sources' volumes.

Since this uses WebSockets to connect, it should be able to manage OBS from
anywhere on the LAN, or potentially even the internet (subject to firewall
and/or port forwarding rules), so you'll generally want to have a password
set on the websocket.


License: MIT

The code in this repository, with the exception of forge_sha256.js, is all
copyright (c) 2017, Chris Angelico. 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of 
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in 
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to 
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies 
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do 
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, 
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE 
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add some instructions and a proxy for encrypted connections

README.md, after:

OBS Remote Control Volume Control
=================================

Plans: Connect to OBS (requires [obs-remote plugin](https://github.com/Palakis/obs-websocket)) and
allow customization of individual sources' volumes.

Since this uses WebSockets to connect, it should be able to manage OBS from
anywhere on the LAN, or potentially even the internet (subject to firewall
and/or port forwarding rules), so you'll generally want to have a password
set on the websocket.

To connect to OBS running on localhost, easy - no encryption needed. To connect
to an OBS on the internet, see [the OBS Websocket instructions for enabling
remote access](https://github.com/Palakis/obs-websocket#connecting-over-a-tlssecure-connection-or-remotely).
For LAN access, you will need to either forward or encrypt the traffic. A
Python-based proxy is included; provide an SSL certificate and it does the
rest. To connect to any sort of encrypted websocket, just add "wss://" or
"https://" in front of the server name. TODO: Make it way easier to pick a
server to connect to.


License: MIT

The code in this repository, with the exception of forge_sha256.js, is all
copyright (c) 2017, Chris Angelico. 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of 
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in 
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to 
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies 
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do 
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, 
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE 
SOFTWARE.
